About boutell.com Priority Support
----------------------------------

Anyone can mail questions about the gd and cgic libraries to 
boutell@boutell.com. However, I receive a very large volume of email on 
many subjects, and while I do my best to respond to all queries this can 
take some time. Sometimes the response must take the form of an eventual new 
release or an addition to a FAQ or other document, as opposed to an individual 
response.

However, priority support is available. Priority support
customers receive a special support email address from which 
a personal response within 24 hours (on working days) is provided. Of 
course, purchasing priority support also encourages further enhancement 
of cgic, gd and related free boutell.com software.

Priority support can be purchased at the rate of $50 per month, with
up to 12 distinct queries per month (reasonable back-and-forth exchanges 
to resolve a single query are not charged against this limit). After
the twelfth query, each additional query costs $5. Preparations
to handle support purchases through First Virtual are being made;
support may also be paid for by check or money order.

Alternatively, priority support may be purchased a la carte
at a rate of $5 per query.

To purchase priority support, send mail to support-request@boutell.com
indicating the time period (or number of queries) for which you wish to 
purchase support and the address to which boutell.com should send
an invoice. Invoices may be sent by email or postal mail, at your
option, although boutell.com supports resource conservation efforts
and prefers to invoice via email when possible. Once you receive
the invoice, boutell.com will expect payment within 30 days.
You will begin to receive priority support as soon as you
declare your intention to purchase said support.

Currently, priority support is intended only to resolve specific
difficulties with the gd and cgic libraries. boutell.com 
priority support is not a budget consulting service. Other
inquiries regarding boutell.com software, documentation and
the like should be sent to boutell@boutell.com.

-Thomas Boutell, boutell@boutell.com

